Some notes of interest on the scene setup:

The "Character_Selector" object is what contains the script for detecting
colliders in the scene and any attached rigidbody. This rigidbody is not on the assets by default, it's added along with a Spring Joint at runtime. This is what gives our scene the "swipe" or wipe along functionality.

This object also has our "CharacterSelect.js" script attached. This is the
script that detects mouse clicks on the character colliders. It also 
disables/and or enables the glow effect or any other effect you would want to instantiate (i.e. particle effect, sparkles, rainbows, etc).

The "CharacterSelectionArea" object is a gameObject with several nested objects. At the root of this object we have a "ConstantForce" attribute applied which just applies a rotational force to our entire character selection area.
Within the heirarchy of this object we have contained: All of the glow objects, the shadow projectors for each character, the boxes (that stand in for each character at this moment), and a generic base platform for each of our characters to stand on.

The scene contains a generic standard Directional Light. Nothing fancy. Can be removed if you decide to use unlit mobile shaders (cheapest expense), but probably an unecessary optimization for a front end menu.

Scene contains and object called "FadeObject". This is a simple script that allows you to plug in a VERY tiny 2d texture (16x16 pixels). It can be any color, I chose black because I think most fades look cool coming in from black. This script simply stretches that small texture across the entire screen and fades it's material alpha over a duration of time you specify in the Inspector.
The "Draw Depth" attribute on this object just ensures that the small texture draws OVER any and all objects in the scene by setting it's depth to -1000.

Scene has a standard Main Camera. Nothing special done with this camera. I set the FOV to 30 (from the standard 60) to get a more closeup look, vs. the far away distorted perspective look of a FOV of 60. I've set the background to a black color as well (totally changeable).